Add the features which was required in the admin section, and admin can see the customer logs and real-time data admin analysis between customer and user. And all buttons should work in the profile section of the customer and all languages and everything should work properly. Appearance and customer support, everything should work. Add a chat between... User can raise a ticket and admin can resolve the ticket and admin can reply to the messages and keep that things and order ID starts from 2026-01. Okay? It starts from the order ID and real-time data analysis between admin and user and fix the errors and admin can see the customer is online or offline and real-time data and show the welcome in the upper section of the users welcome given a customer name. Okay? Fix errors which was there in the application which was not working. Work on this. All buttons should work properly and all things should work properly, notifications and everything should work properly. Add the 3D animations to the entire application and change the 3D loading animation in the application. Change the 3D animation in the user's application. And one device, one account only. One item, one quantity, and afterwards no one can buy more quantities after placing this order. Only one order, one quantity. Admin can manage the limit of the twenty-four hours after anyone can order after one item. After ordering the one item, anyone can order after two, three hours. Admin can manage the timings and admin can off the store and on the store, accepting orders and non-accepting orders, and add the referral system. Per refer, 100 coins. Minimum withdraw is 1,000 coins. 1,000 coins equal to ₹10 in Indian currency. They can withdraw through UPI ID. Admin can manage that minimum withdrawal and the referral system program coins and the referral code. And the users can track the reference and admin can see everything, what they are doing, their users and real-time users. Okay. Fix all errors which was there in the referral system. Also, add and admin can check everything and, okay, fix the errors which was going on the application and all things should work properly which was there. Referral systems, they can withdraw through UPI ID. Customer can withdraw through UPI ID, and admin can accept the request to withdraw with request, and they can withdraw. Okay? They can withdraw. Admin accepted and admin will revert after. Show that admin accepted the request. First, created the withdraw. Tracking, withdrawal tracking. Add the withdrawal section in the referral section. After account withdrawal section, if they click on the withdrawal section, they can see there in the withdrawal section, withdrawal created. If they're requesting withdrawal, withdrawal created by using UPI. After minimum coins, 1,000 coins to withdraw, admin kept means 1,000 coins equal to ₹10. Customer can use the UPI to create the withdrawal. And when the customer was created the withdrawal, show the time and the date, and tracking like when it created, admin accepted, and delivered. Withdrawal has been delivered. That's okay. Admin can update these things, real-time data analysis between admin and user. Fix address which was there. And one time, only one mobile, one device, no unlimited accounts, no unlimited orders. One time, one order, one account only. Okay?

